Document pre-requisites for Live Preview (#467)
directus/docs: content/guides/02.content/5.live-preview.md

Live preview allows you to show changes in your website collection before publishing and without the need to refresh the browser.

## Live Preview Pre-Requisites

> Before setting up live preview, ensure your Directus instance can embed external content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before setting up live preview, ensure your Directus instance can embed external content by configuring the content security policy headers as described below.
```

**Required Environment Variable**

> Your website will not be able to speak to your Directus instance if you do not set `CONTENT_SECURITY_POLICY_DIRECTIVES__FRAME_SRC="<your-website-base-url>"` within your instances env. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your website will not be able to be rendered in your Directus instance if you do not set `CONTENT_SECURITY_POLICY_DIRECTIVES__FRAME_SRC="<your-website-base-url>"` within your instances env. 
```
